---
description: >-
  Through out this documentation and the Bento software we will be using a lot
  of terms, let's make sure you know what we are talking about!
---

# Vocabulary

<table><thead><tr><th width="188">Term</th><th>Description</th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Prop</strong></td><td>A representation of a physical light object.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Global ID</strong></td><td>A numeric ID to uniquely identify a Prop in the Props list.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Light Block</strong></td><td>A light effect that can be displayed on a Prop. Different types of Light Block include Patterns, Sequences, Nodes, Pictures, Streaming Script and Embedded Script.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Pattern</strong></td><td>A Light Block for basic light effects like Rainbow, Noise, etc. </td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Node</strong></td><td>A Light Block that can be used to combine, remap or composite several Light Blocks into a new one.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Sequence</strong></td><td>A Light Block to arrange multiple Light Block on a timeline.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Layer</strong></td><td>A Layer in a Sequence can be used to organize several Light Blocks over the course of time.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Blend Mode</strong></td><td>A Blend Mode defines how two or more layers are combined to create the final output colors. </td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Streaming Mode</strong></td><td>In Streaming Mode the colors of the assigned Light Block are streamed in real-time to the Prop.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Playback Mode</strong></td><td>In Playback Mode an uploaded Sequence can be played on the physical Prop.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>ID Mode</strong></td><td>Props can be arranged in Cluster Groups. Each Cluster Group can be assigned a specific color. When ID Mode is activated, these colors are displayed at the top of the Prop. The lower part of the Prop will display a color and size depending on the local Cluster ID.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Streaming Script</strong></td><td>A Light Block that generated colors based the content of a JavaScript file.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Embedded Script</strong></td><td>A TypeScript file is complied into WebAssembly bytecode and then uploaded to the physical prop. It can then be played/activated on the physical prop. As it is executed on the physical prop it can use fast update rates and low-latency color effects using the Motion/IMU sensor data.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Inspector</strong></td><td>A panel where you can edit Parameters of the selected UI item.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Parameter</strong></td><td>A UI element that can be used to change a value.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Logger</strong></td><td>A panel where all kinds of information, warnings, or errors are displayed.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Firmware</strong></td><td>The software running on the physical light prop.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

